This is siege warfare.
If we can buy even a little bit of time...
Yeah, but we don't have any
chemicals or anything.
How?
Run, science user!
Yeah!
They'll be dying for nothing.
I suppose they're just
brain-dead primitives after all.
This primitive stone world
will be controlled...
...by the pure power given
to humanity by nature.
...by the science built by humanity itself.
To Destroy and to Save
This is the final battle!
Defend the miracle cave!
Don't tell me you're going to try to
make some science-y weapon-y thing
while the fighting team is
holding off Tsukasa-chan.
Yeah.
But they destroyed all our chemical stuff.
We're legit out of everything.
What are you doing?
Over here, Chrome-chan!
He's probably got some ideas brewing.
Let him be.
You trust him so much.
I saw something cross my eye.
My intuition built over all
these years is telling me...
There's got to be something science can
offer me, somewhere on this battlefield!
My science begins with looking for materials!
Surround them, but maintain
a moderate distance.
We don't stand a chance against
Tsukasa and Hyoga in a head-on fight.
Check out Tsukasa and Hyoga's tag-teaming!
Yeah, they're already
invincible by themselves.
He's vulnerable while he's in the air!
It's our last chance to defeat Tsukasa!
Taiju! Use this shock cannon!
Nikki!
Everyone!
All right! Go!
Gross.
You just want me to mix this snake poop
or lizard poop or whatever this is?
Nitric acid plus urea makes urea nitrate.
It's not the best weapon,
but it's better than nothing.
I'm lost.
If the uric acid in the
feces isn't broken down...
That is, if it's good quality,
we'll get white crystals.
So you're saying, if we're lucky,
we'll get a white powder weapon.
Yeah.
It's all down to luck.
I forgot...
I said this before,
but Senku-chan, you always...
have terrible luck.
Not bad.
I'd rather not kill you.
He popped up from behind him.
It's a cooperative move.
Or so it would seem,
but it's three-on-one.
They're more proper than I expected.
Not that Tsukasa-kun will have any trouble.
I won't let you get in the way, Hyoga.
You're up against me.
Let's call it a revenge match.
Magma...
Kinro... Ginro...
Everyone...
Isn't there anything else
we can use besides poop?
Y'know, like flowers or paper...
I have all kinds of tricks up my sleeve.
I'm a magician, after all.
If only we had sulfuric acid...
I don't think I'd have that.
Why would I be carrying
anything that dangerous?
If I had sulfuric acid to mix with
the miracle water, nitric acid,
I could make a mixed acid.
With mixed acid, I could...
No, there's no point in thinking
about hypotheticals.
I have some!
I have some sulfuric acid.
Chrome-chan! Where did
you find such a thing?!
Have you forgotten already?
We launched it right at the beginning.
It's the leftovers from the bluff tank cannon.
Good job, king of materials!
We'll throw this in to top it off.
It's chock full of glycerin.
Soap?
It's been useful as hell
from beginning to end.
Come to think of it, it's one of the
first science items I showed Tsukasa.
It's our stone of life in a world with no doctors.
It's our doctor stone.
Our battle started with soap,
and now it's going to end with soap.
This is what I was after.
Impale me.
I still won't let go.
Hyoga, without your spear, you're powerless.
My spare.
You can have that.
Mediocre people are quick to resort to
futile resistance when they despair.
Hah! I don't remember ever despairing.
Don't you get it?
All things build upon something else,
whether it's might or science.
We might be weak individually,
but everything is made from the
accumulation of all of our efforts.
We make enough time for Senku and
the science team to turn the tides.
We believe in science—in Senku.
What is this yellow liquid?
It smells sweet.
Does your head hurt?
Shh! Don't breathe on it!
One little drop, and it'll go boom.
We'll all be beyond dead meat.
It's nitroglycerin.
Nitro...
I've heard of that!
It's super dangerous, isn't it?
This stuff is really serious.
Don't you dare try this at home, kids.
No one's going to.
You aren't going to blow them
all up with this, are you?
No, idiot.
I'm going to save everyone.
The question is how to send this
to the enemy without jostling it.
You're not going!
Not to where Senku is!
This isn't a battle between
might and science, Tsukasa.
Might is science.
Crease
diagonally
The best-flying paper airplane,
confirmed by Guinness World Records.
Both
sides
Fold to crease
Both
sides
Find center
point...
Fold!
Fold on top of that!
Fold
Both
sides!
Close it...
and fold
the wings!!
Tuck this
corner in...
by leaving just a little
bit of the tip
It has about a hundred times
the power of gunpowder.
Do you know the ancient Greek word for "power"?
It's "dynamite."
I can save everyone with this
paper airplane dynamite.
Wh-Wh-What was that?!
Anyone caught in that would
be gone without a trace.
Human strength is laughable in
comparison to the power of science.
We made it just in time.
You held up well, battle team.
The Kingdom of Science has
just completed dynamite!
It has the power of ten
billion megaton joules.
"Ten billion megatons," my ass, you liar.
Shh!
Who cares about numbers?
You're not the best at negotiation.
You only ever say the truth, jeez.
Megaton?
Dynamite? In this age?
They'll never be able to hit us
with paper planes, though.
Yeah.
It's all-or-nothing!
We have dynamite arrows, too.
These are a little more
accurate than paper planes.
Ukyo!
The tides have turned.
The war is over.
That's it! The end!
How magnificent.
We won!
It's finally over!
Well, we may have won,
but it's not over yet.
We've dealt with the underlings.
Now come the big problems.
Tsukasa-chan and Senku-chan
must have noticed...
What are you going to do now?
Whether I parry it or smack
it down, it'll explode.
There's no way to dodge a large blast.
Yes. It's true that we're out of moves.
But that would surely cause collateral
damage and kill many people.
Senku, you're incapable of abandoning people.
You would never sacrifice yourself, either.
Well, well, it looks like we're both stuck.
This isn't a victory. It's a stalemate.
And you deliberately created this situation.
Which means, Senku, your objective is...
Yeah, to negotiate, Tsukasa.
Gen, you said you first met
Tsukasa on a TV special.
Eh? Yeah, that's right.
Don't you think that's a bit odd?
He could have had everything in the world,
yet he's pushing forward with the noble goal
of purifying established powers or whatever.
That's the kind of man Shishio Tsukasa is.
Yet this guy has been
participating in a ton of fights
and showing up on TV all the time,
making a ton of money.
So much that he earned the nickname
"strongest primate high schooler."
It just doesn't add up.
That just doesn't seem like his style.
That's true.
Making a ton of money seemed
like such an obvious thing to do
that I never even thought about it.
What do you need all that money for?
For whom?
She's alive, isn't she, Tsukasa?
Your sister, I mean.
She is clinically brain-dead.
There is no possibility that Mirai-chan
will regain consciousness.
I know.
But still...
Strongest high schooler!?
Shishio
Tsukasa
Special interview with "strongest primate high schooler" Shishio Tsukasa
The Little Mermaid
I'm back, Mirai.
I'm going to protect you, okay?
No matter how many years or decades it takes.
And someday, I swear...
We might be able to heal her.
With the peripheral healing effect
of reviving from petrification.
It's all-or-nothing, but there's a chance.
He's right, Tsukasa!
Even Senku's neck was
healed after you broke it!
So, as for that rejuvenation fluid...
Oh, look at that! We have all of it!
So scummy...
What a scummy face.
What are your terms?
We're offering one chance
to revive your sister.
In exchange, we want a truce.
What reason do I have to believe you?
All you have is my word.
I don't lie when it comes to science.
Is that not enough?
No, that's plenty.
That's plenty.
I never knew you had a sister.
You'd been protecting her all that time.
Why would such a kind man
decide to destroy statues?
That's really bad.
"Really bad"...
I mean, you're not wrong.
I like how blunt you are, Taiju-chan.
Why did you decide to do something
so horrible as purifying humanity?
Horrible...
That it may be.
What would you all have done?
If you were reborn in a stone world
where there was almost no one else,
and you learned that there was a revival fluid?
A primitive world can't sustain
a large number of people.
There's no guarantee that we can
make unlimited revival fluid.
Ukyo, who would you have chosen?
It's necessary to pick and choose lives.
That's a terrifying thing to have to do.
It's a sinful task, to have to play God.
I decided to carry that sin,
to make it an opportunity
to build a new world.
That's why.
My goals haven't changed,
nor will they in the future.
That's why, Senku,
this is no more than a truce.
That's fine.
The hospital was around here.
Everyone's been swept quite a distance away.
We just need to dig them all up.
We'll mine them out with dynamite.
No, that's a bad idea!
You're going to destroy the statues!
No problem.
It's only for the tough-ass bedrock.
If we do blow up some statues, oh well!
We'll just have to glue
them all back together.
Um, who's going to be the
one doing that hellish work?
Please!
Whether Nobel invented dynamite
for warfare or for engineering...
Which is it?
Not my problem.
Why do I care about what some
old fart was feeling? Gross.
All I can say is that he used
the money he made from the god
of destruction that is dynamite
to hype up science with the Nobel Prize.
And here we are, using
the power of dynamite to...
dig, dig, and dig, and save lives.
To save all of humanity.
Mirai...
Humanity's Strongest Tag Team
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.